floyd mayweather talk to me what are you
going to do to logan paul and let's
let's talk through it i don't want to
leave your strategy but what's your
strategy no strategy
i could i just got to show up if i want
to go one round
go one round i want to go two two it's
all up to me
there's a weird you out he has two first
names
no his first name logan logan far
after june six cause he gonna fall why
do this fight in miami are you hoping
some big booty latinas show up
uh hopefully some some big booty girl
shoes
you ever bought a butt a fake butt for a
woman you love
nah cause you can't get that butt back
can you
once you buy the butt that's that's
their butt
is that true you talking about the shots
or the implants
you ever keep the receipts on a butt i
never bought it but i just told you that
yeah
i was just trying to try to check me
slick you never know
you never know okay why you got so many
big tall security guys
you don't think five eight guys can
fight i'm five eight i can fight
what do you say that people say you're
scared who couldn't be bothered
huh i need balls or something to look
scared who
lindy not a fighter he wouldn't know
hold on
why is he here if he ain't gonna if he's
not talking he's my guy
we got your guys we can talk what do you
want to talk about about that
how does that floyd you might have the
money
the cars the clothes investments
a good outlook on life a cool smile swag
a lot of friends you know what's one
thing i have that you don't have
what glenny balls
okay that's cool glenny balls he might
not be the richest guy in the world but
he lives with his parents
he has good savings and he owns
penn stock
[Music]
okay you got a lot of money you don't
need stocks i gonna tell that
that ain't for everybody yeah i ain't
gonna tell that but
it's cool you're cash rich very for the
all always
we talk about money we always put very
very like you're very cash rich no no
i'm not rich very wealthy so it's better
how much money have you made today
uh 1.2 million can we get some
uh this just seems like a lot to have at
once
no i can't get no money for what um no
for what just
had to think about it i just want to
unburden you
if it's too much to carry at once no
problem
why is it that's so easy for me to say
floyd mayweather's kicking ass
but if i say floyd mayweather's punching
ass
sounds too specific
it sounds a little weird it do
you ever punch your ass
that's a little kind of funny to me no i
mean squeeze ass
but puncher asks no no
and that's fair it's fair to say yeah
what do you say people say floyd
mayweather
sold out and if he really loved the art
of boxing
he would do it in a waffle house like
everyone else
i like waffle house they got good
waffles that's where they got good
chicken
that's why they got good grits where
they got good toes
every single person in the entire world
is going to watch us fight every single
person in the entire world
that's a lot of people it's a lot that's
eight it's eight billion people
what do you want to say the people who
live in maybe caves or something they
never really interface with modern
technology and this is gonna be the
first time they even see the outside
world from their mountain range what do
you want to tell them
uh tune in
you